Add an MSRV policy to the README (#3046)
rust-windowing/winit: README.md

* `wayland` (enabled by default): On Unix platform, compiles with the Wayland backend
* `mint`: Enables mint (math interoperability standard types) conversions.

## MSRV Policy

> The Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV) of this crate is **1.65**. Changes to the MSRV will be released as patch version updates to `winit`. Once `winit` v1.0 is released, they will instead be released as minor version updates.

Reviewer: This paragraph is redundant. You can't change msrv without releasing a crate.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph specifies what kind of release we require for a MSRV change. We were still actively discussing it in https://github.com/rust-windowing/winit/pull/3046#discussion_r1305838780.

Reviewer: I mean, msrv bump is not a breaking change according to rust ecosystem. Though, you could just say that patch release can't bump MSVR, because that's how it's done today and that's how it should be done, because downstream could pull patches in, however patch releases should be delivered to distros without a need to bump a rust version for the patch, so it's more rolling.

* `wayland` (enabled by default): On Unix platform, compiles with the Wayland backend
* `mint`: Enables mint (math interoperability standard types) conversions.

## MSRV Policy

The Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV) of this crate is **1.65**. Changes to 

> the MSRV will by a minor version bump. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the MSRV will be accompanied by a minor version bump. 
```

* `wayland` (enabled by default): On Unix platform, compiles with the Wayland backend
* `mint`: Enables mint (math interoperability standard types) conversions.

## MSRV Policy

The Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV) of this crate is **1.65**. Changes to 
the MSRV will be accompanied by a minor version bump. 

As a **tentative** policy, the upper bound of the MSRV is given by the following
formula:

```
min(sid, stable - 3)
```

Where `sid` is the current version of `rustc` provided by [Debian Sid], and
`stable` is the latest stable version of Rust. This bound may be broken in the
event of a major ecosystem shift or a security vulnerability.

[Debian Sid]: https://packages.debian.org/sid/rustc

The exception to this is for the Android platform, where a higher Rust version 
must be used for certain Android features. In this case, the MSRV will be 
capped at the latest stable version of Rust minus three. This inconsistency is 
not reflected in Cargo metadata, as it is not powerful enough to expose this 
restriction.

> All crates in the [`rust-windowing`] and [`rust-mobile`] organizations have the 

Reviewer 3: I don't really think we should be speaking for all rust-mobile crates here.

I consider rust-mobile crates to be independently maintained, and different projects are free to implement their own MSRV policy.

When I've invited devs to move crates to rust-mobile I have specifically said that they remain responsible for their crate.

This isn't to say that rust-mobile maintainers can't choose to harmonize things like their MSRV policy with other crates if that makes sense, but this isn't really the place to impose this.

## MSRV Policy

> The Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV) of this crate is **1.65**. Changes to the MSRV will be released as patch version updates to `winit`. Once `winit` v1.0 is released, they will instead be released as minor version updates.

Reviewer 2: Do we really want to only require patch versions to update `winit`? E.g. changing MSRV between v0.28.6 and v0.28.7? I would be in favor of requiring a minor version bump, e.g. v0.28.6 -> v0.29.

Reviewer 4: A major version bump should only happen for semver compatibility breaking changes, which an MSRV bump does not count as. Before 1.0, the "patch version" is effectively acting as the minor version.

Reviewer: changing msrv is not considered a breaking change actually if it's within the policy of the project and behind by some amount.

cargo just has very poor support for the MSRV stuff and it can't account for it based on the rust version client is using. Like all of that is not an issue, because binary clients have `Cargo.lock` which prevents any sort of breakages like that.

Reviewer 2: > A major version bump should only happen for semver compatibility breaking changes, which an MSRV bump does not count as. Before 1.0, the "patch version" is effectively acting as the minor version.

I don't disagree that before v1.0 minor versions are used for semver breaking changes, so if we use a minor version after and before v1.0 to break MSRV it's not the same. But the reason why many libraries handle it that way is to provide compatibility without preventing patchability.

E.g. if you use the minor version after and before v1.0 to break MSRV, consumers who care about MSRV can depend on the library but still get patches. `winit = "0.28.6"` can still be patched with v0.28.7. `winit = "~1.2.2"` can still be patched with v1.2.3.

But if you use patch versions before v1.0 to break MSRV, consumers who care about MSRV have to do this:
`winit = "=0.28.6"`, now we can't release patches of Winit with that MSRV.

Also I'm not sure why we would want to break MSRV in patch versions before 1.0 considering the tight release cycle, which is probably gonna be different after v1.0.

Reviewer 2: Respond to @kchibisov from https://github.com/rust-windowing/winit/pull/3046#discussion_r1306673149:
I also think we should at least require a minor version bump to break MSRV, which is exactly what we should write in that paragraph.

Reviewer: Just say that `patch` bumps can't have `msrv` bump, that's all how it should sound like, everything else can have an msrv bump.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV) of this crate is **1.65**. A change will be accompanied by at least a minor version bump.
```

Reviewer: Like that it's also fine, but then you justify `0.28.6 -> 0.28.7` bump, but we don't bump like that and never will.

Reviewer 2: > Like that it's also fine, but then you justify `0.28.6 -> 0.28.7` bump, but we don't bump like that and never will.

How does that justify that? It says "minor", v0.28.6 -> v0.28.7 is a "patch" version bump.

Reviewer: Before `1.0` it's basically a minor, so you can add API in them.

Reviewer 2: I understand what you mean, but the terminology still stays the same before and after v1.0.
AFAIK https://semver.org doesn't specify that before v1.0 `PATCH` is labeled `MINOR`.

I mean it's very clear to me, but maybe this is confusing for others? Feel free to suggest something else.

Reviewer: I guess, maybe it's fine like that. I've suggest that  `msrv can't be bumped on patch version bumps`
